uh ready
okay
um
what i was saying about jobs
was jobs are jobs where even
the person doing it
doesn't feel that job ought to exist or
needs to exist and that's why i thought
jobs are or i found that
jobs were primarily of
managerial clerical administrative
because those are the people most likely
to say you know this job wasn't here
either wouldn't make any difference or
the world might well be a better place
so i'm simply trusting people to assess
their own jobs a lot of people in
banking do feel that way about their own
jobs and always have um and still do now
those jobs
don't have to be automated if those
people are right because they don't need
to exist in the first place the other
hand cleaners um a lot of these delivery
a lot of these jobs which are absolutely
essential sort of first order jobs that
cannot be gotten rid of even in a
pandemic
but they're more like what i classed as
jobs as opposed to jobs
are there jobs which are absolutely
necessary but oddly enough for that very
reason
are underpaid under value the people are
treated with respect uh they're often
much more dangerous than other jobs even
before you know even before the current
situation um now those jobs probably
ought to be automated but one of the
reasons that they aren't is because they
have people um desperate enough to do
them for very little money um
krapotkin famously argued that if you
took all of the most unpleasant but
necessary jobs and divided them up so
that everyone had to do them those jobs
would disappear instantly because it
would be a social priority to automate
them as soon as possible